You cut the onion eh Well done
[Music]
goodbye to the whole space valley
you've already annoyed this episode It's been
simmering in the pot for a very long
time it's a huge challenge between the man
and the godmother Between the past the  future
Look, you [ __ ] on your
shirt Today these are
cooking machines that help you cook
more or less anything, they are
containers into which you put the
whole food and they let it come out
completely transformed into the
finished dish if you follow the instructions  in
theory you come out with the perfect dish you can
turn into a chef I too can
become a chef but above all
they can become chefs come back and
Nicolas is what we ask ourselves today
because exactly what have we done I'm
sick of
going we found one of these
robots to  kitchen that will be manipulated
following recipes from Nicolas and
tuna and we will try to understand if they
will be able to beat the chef of one
of the best trattorias in Bologna
great chef against great
food robot let the challenge begin challenge
in the kitchen France
asparagus risotto
[Music]
So we are blindfolded so as to
be able to evaluate only the goodness
because we will choose which is the
best without being influenced by anything else
also because the dishes
were all made with tuna and
Nicolas even those of the chef we are
therefore ready to taste the  first
course Come on, I believe in it a lot
visually they are practically identical I
tell you seen from here three
[Music]
a lot of wine and a lot of carrot
So for me it is creamed well I can taste
the asparagus But now that you make me
think of a strong Divine aftertaste  if
I had to venture already, absolutely no
chef has made it. But we can't
say this in the sense that I can say it,
let's go and say which one is good, which one is
better, understood?
Let's influence it in the sense that we
must not even be part of
the chef Zero Also  I'm partial
to the robot, [ __ ] it,
you'll see in the following months how much Space
Valley will replenish this. This
is the time to tuck in the tiramisu,
practically the whole dish. So no
go
[Music]
the other one seemed to me to be creamed well.
This is creamed better, it's true that it tastes
a lot.  I feel the asparagus very little of butter,
I would have said a uglier presence anyway.
So perhaps I can say that
in reality I feel it less but it is more
delicate and true in flavor. Less intense flavor
with a fried flavor. I
can't.
Sure. That one over there in reality with this
flavor is more  delicate it seems a little
better to me actually more delicate
in my opinion the first had a great
strong and strange flavor but this one has a
balance of butter and parmesan which in
my opinion is stellar stellar
but at least delicate Let's say what
we like best that is if I didn't have to
choose  one to eat is on the street
you sit with a stool and if you wanted to
decide to take one of the dishes
which one do you choose which dish is better 2 I
said two at the end That is if I have to
eat one the two but I say very very
undecided So at this point
Remember like this  maybe you can take a
look
Excuse me but this is a pumpkin risotto
it's a paella potentially both
are made by food processor what does
food processor do blend blend heat
can I ask this
until the second hope to the countries
you were good not to stay yet
Maybe still  In fact,
it is clear
that you could have
simply reached the following pieces of asparagus,
let's go at this point to find out which is
the chef's and which is the
robot's. So guys, the first risotto
was cooked by the robot and the second
by the chef. Well, then I  I give a round of
applause to the robot who in any case was
truly dignified I'll stuff you down But you
tell me these dicks Well done
maybe one vote each Come on come on next
dish meatballs in sauce with peas
[Music]
or can I say peas So the
meatballs with sauce  with peas It's a
constant here in Bologna even at school
the smell can be traced back exactly to
that of school canteens well
they return again in this season here
the canteen is good so let's go and taste
the first course which
obviously we don't know whose it is you at home yes
and let's go and evaluate the goodness of you at home
Now make something take the two
dozen like this
[Music]
the meatball feels light the pea
not too late
very creamy tomato is not acidic the
pea is not intrusive It is very light
the peas are not many  they are intrusive
really really good I
like this one in the meatballs a slightly
pungent flavor with a nice bumblebee given the
pungent flavor
come on please
very Tasty that is very Tasty that
the real sauce both super Tasty
The peas are very turgid you too
like  the squirrels that put food
in your cheeks let's be serious please
The peas are very turgid even
still done
you are grown ups it will be obvious
when we taste the second course
Whenever you want we are there that is soft
this tastes like nothing These are a
bang of peas  but it's not true
that the meat is much softer
The tomato is a little too tasty
Eh they are full of bread but these don't
taste like anything they can be eaten they
can be eaten
they have a very good aftertaste but
when you swallow the aniseeds it's true they last
for years c  'it's anise Which is the best dish
the first goal we spend Go
blindfold yourself
no it's the sauce here which is really better
you know what you know maybe there's the onion
which gives a bit of flavor Plus there's more  anymore
but you don't want to tell us who made
this first course Then in the first
course of the chef depending on the
machine that is the machine
before moving on to the next dish
However we have one thing to tell you buy
the goods It is in fact available on Space
valley.shop on  new merchandise there
really is something for all tastes all the
colors all the symbols everything everything there is
really anything what is your
favorite thing my Stecca there are
cups caps t-shirts sweatshirts socks
Let us see these socks again come on I'll
take them Space  valley.shop also wait for
the sweatshirt this
area in front English
[Music] you
gave me a Ciociarino the trifle
No this is a trifle it
seems to me like Italy which has been left
behind in some way it's really
ancient stuff actually they
only eat it  the elderly,
even if you are not at all
aesthetically reliable as we are, are
very different,
clearly in my opinion much more beautiful
But where are you going if you don't tell me where I should
go I don't know how to evaluate the goodness
of the trifle go go go
ladyfingers
go inside we have to go to the  cinema to
see it
I have to go to see the Little Mermaid Come on I do
n't feel like going to see
Violetta [ __ ] I'm going please I
don't want it Come on come on come on very good
Good Very good I'm not a fan of
trifle More than anything for Hermes
but it's the  illegal cream the cream is
very good Ah it really disgusts you
now what don't you like no alcohol Ah
ok But the dessert itself the cream I must
say is really devastating but
as soon as you can you get the stuff with the paper it
started
one ear on the second  Go with the second
one we have console for Ronaldo
to concentrate
Well done Nelson well done Cesare too
[Music]
I don't understand the consistency is worse the
pudding is really soaked it's
very alcoholic the cream is worse
but overall it tastes better in my mouth
at the end of it all
as an aftertaste compared to the first one do you
like it better no no sorry all this
discussion then let's go and vote for
the first one Oh well nothing get lost Ah
good
chocolate in the other one No here there's
chocolate There's cocoa in there  'other
you didn't taste the real chocolate but
maybe because I didn't take it You didn't
take In my opinion now we've already given
Look at how many spices In the cream is the
vanilla how dull is it from Pepe
true sense aesthetically In my opinion Which
is the one of the chef I am  both
ugly in the ass But why are they
ugly The trifle is ugly guys in
terms of texture I would say this one at least
has more layers it gives me a more tidy sense for a moment
Who prepared the
first trifle with come on Cesare What a
male disgusting
as I imagine  my death we
made the first trifle then the
first trifle was made by the
chef the second by me Nicholas with the
large robot is really soaked
guys yours is fragile
in this tour on our second channel
Around Valley of which the link  in the
description there will really be a lot
of content coming out at this precise moment
what came out basically while
we were writing the episode we came across
this recipe here for sausage and
fresh sauce and they seemed like a smash they
seemed to us Facebook
with this food processor they prepare the
dishes that you saw in this video
exactly Thanks for watching
this video In the end I have to say that
I am happy
No no no I would have liked it if I
had won the robot at least once
But I can say we have
only selected three recipes and there are
a  There are countless things that could be done,
suggest to us below in the comments the
recipes that could be made, we
know that there are some that
come out very well, like even the problem
or the big robot, guys, it's
unbeatable. We thank the kitchen robot
that lent itself with this.
video and also the chef because it's a phrase
Lilla in current and even today
in the Valleys we didn't bring any
discoveries No nothing I mean I can say it
I can say it now that the chef In reality it
was me it was me
see you on round Valley we'll arrive
[Music]